Purpose:
	The purpose of this project is to be able to collect data on how much distance cars give you when passing.
	This data can be used to infer and provide evidence for what environments and behaviors are safest for cyclists, i.e.:
		1. Is being further off the road safer, or do cars give more passing distance when they have to
		   consciously avoid someone cycling closer to their lane?
		2. Is x road safer after a bike lane or wider shoulder has been added?
		3. Is a car more likely to come within 2 feet of you on a main road, or a side road?
MATLAB:
	Model:
		The car positions are extracted from gopro footage using the Matlab's mono camera detector
		from the "Visual Perception Using Mono Camera" example from Mathworks.
		This project uses a pretrained region-based CNN from the vehicleDetectorFasterRCNN() function
		to identify cars in images, since it is faster than the detector used in the Mathwork's example.		
	App:
		The gopro_viewer app was created to provide frame-by-frame analysis of the footage
		so that I could scrutinize the accuracy of various frame sampling configurations, car
		detection models, methods of filtering out oncoming cars and non-roadway objects that 
		produce false positives and configurations of the camera lense properties used to 
		calculate the relative position of the car based off of it's position in the image.
	gopro Class:
		The gropro class takes in a path to a gopro video, outputs a text file listing detected 
		cars and their location when in frame, and is also optimized for memory and speed.
Distance Sensor:
	Purpose:
		Record control data using ranging sensors to test accuracy of/calibrate Matlab code.
	Processor:
		Adafruit Feather HUZZAH with ESP8266
	Sensors:
		Ultrasonic Distance Sensor - 5V (HC-SR04)
	Code:
		C++/arduino code for the controller is doubledistance.ino. It will record objects within a certain distance and output their distances and how long/when they were in front of the sensor for via serial when the 2 and 16 pins are shorted.
